README.md, before:

# Hypixel Skyblock Net Worth Calculator
Thank you for using and/or checking out the github page for this program I have been developing.
This program is designed for everyone to use but to make sure your value is calculated correctly please 
follow the guidelines listed below.

- Make sure all items of value are in your inventory or enderchest. It dosn't matter if they are in a backpack or not.
- The program does not look at money in your bank, but instead your purse, be sure to put all your coins in your purse or keeep that in mind for later.
- You will need to use your own API key to run the program.
- This program is still in a early stage and not all items will be counted. If the item is not counted the program will inform you.
- All prices were taken from the SkyBlockZ public github repo. Be sure to join their discord at [discord.gg/skyblock](discord.gg/skyblock)
- If you have any concers or other information that I need to know you can contact me through this repository or on my discord server at [discord.gg/sXMwhJH](discord.gg/sXMwhJH)

Commit message:

Added credits section
Gave credit where credit is due.

README.md, after:

# Hypixel Skyblock Net Worth Calculator
Thank you for using and/or checking out the github page for this program I have been developing.
This program is designed for everyone to use but to make sure your value is calculated correctly please 
follow the guidelines listed below.

- Make sure all items of value are in your inventory or enderchest. It dosn't matter if they are in a backpack or not.
- The program does not look at money in your bank, but instead your purse, be sure to put all your coins in your purse or keeep that in mind for later.
- You will need to use your own API key to run the program.
- This program is still in a early stage and not all items will be counted. If the item is not counted the program will inform you.
- If you have any concers or other information that I need to know you can contact me through this repository or on my discord server at [discord.gg/sXMwhJH](discord.gg/sXMwhJH)

##Credits
- All prices were taken from the SkyBlockZ public github repo. Be sure to join their discord at [discord.gg/skyblock](discord.gg/skyblock)
- This program was made by Te_Nose_ join their discord server at [discord.gg/sXMwhJH](discord.gg/sXMwhJH)
- Thanks to _Aquil0n_ for creating the cover photo. It looks great :D
- The python module NBT is used to decode the data. Thanks twoolie for the amazing library.
- Thanks for all of the forums users that helped answer my questions and to make this whole process alot easier.
